THE SETUP
The world consists of three islands, Arzil, Beria & Coramo, previously each governed by a different kingdom. However, some evil force (human? dragon? ethereal?) came in and took over each island. Bad guy uses phantoms as their soldiers. And has installed 6 (2 per island) macguffins, catalysts, which the hero needs to destroy. Hero is part of a group of rebels that tries to liberate the islands from the bad guy.


THE MACGUFFINS
If a person dies while in (some) range of a catalyst, they'll respawn as a phantom. This phantom will be loyal to the bad guy and will be stronger (a few (invisible?) levels higher). Killing phantoms works the same as humans for convenience. A phantom dying (being exorcised?) will not respawn, but just be gone (moved on to the next world?). Hero wishes to destroy all catalysts, making it impossible for the bad guy to turn people into loyal phantoms anymore; Hero wins, bad guy loses.

Stages that hold a Macguffin will re-spawn human enemies as phantoms as a gimmick.


ACT ONE
  THE CREW
  - Vivian. Supplier. The protagonist. Low in rank at the start of the story.
  - Thief. Second character introduced. Loose fingers, stole a treasure (lights out puzzle) from the ship's hull, gave it to Vivian to complete during the prologue.
  - Vincent. Wyvern Knight. Scout.
  - Demi. Sergeant (Lv30 so gambit?). Leader of the group and commander of the rebels. Will die just before the end of the first act. Promotes Vivian to commander right before death, as she is impressed by her tactics.
  - Milo/Leona. Class varies. Respects Demi, doesn't like Vivian.
  - Simon. Shaman. Vivian's mentor.
  
  PROLOGUE
  Rebels have their HQ on a small isle at the centre of the three main islands. They have some way to prevent the bad guy from sending troops to this isle to wipe them out. Need to figure out an excuse:
  - Their location can't be unknown because they'll be betrayed later on, and the person betraying them would know where their HQ is.
  - Maybe phantoms can't cross the sea? We can't have a final battle on the isle in that case though.
  - 

  The hero starts out as a porter (supplier) as part of a mission to destroy a catalyst on Arzil. Story starts with hero & co. on a ship from rebel HQ to Til forest where the catalyst would reside. Unbeknownst to our heroes, the ship's captain is working for the bad guy (maybe their family has been taken hostage?) and is leading them to an ambush in Ese Neve instead.

  CH1 ESE NEVE
  Once arrived. The boat is left unusable, and the crew is encircled by the enemy. With no way back, Demi decides to split the group into three. Til forest is southwest from their current location. A scouting squad will take the shortest route southwest, whereas she will lead a squad to go south then west. Vivian is in the group going west then south. Smaller groups may have an easier time slipping by the enemy. Should one group be taken out, two more still exist. The original plan was to confront an army larger than what they brought, so splitting up shouldn't be very different. Squads:
    - Scout squad. Consists of Vincent (leader) & thief, TODO more units!
    - Demi's squad. Consists of Demi, Linda & Carmen and some other units who'll be dead.
    - Simon's squad. Consists of Vivian, Simon (leader), Milo/Leona, some knight?
  
  Prologue features Simon's squad beating up some remnants of the first enemy force, after the group has taken down the others before splitting up.
  
  CH2 TRYZA
  Vivian's group tries to take shelter at a childhood friend of Vivian's, Theresa and her partner, Herbert. Enemies surround them regardless. Theresa & Herbert join. The squad defeats the enemy.
  
  CH3 IVYLANDS
  Scout squad and Demi's squad have met up already and are moving towards Til. Vincent, Carmen & Linda hang back to see if Simon's squad will still arrive. Which they do in this chapter. They join up, but have to fight more foes. Some phantoms are mixed in the enemies. As good a time as any to introduce them. Beat the enemies, move to the next chapter.
  
  CH4 TIL FOREST
  Everyone joins up. Demi is lv30, so she starts off somewhere alone I guess. Make sure to load enemies before Demi joins as her level is far higher than everyone else's. First catalyst-chapter, human enemies will re-spawn as phantom enemies, near the catalyst. Goal is to seize the catalyst tile.
  
  After beating the chapter, Demi gets fatally injured. Believes Vivian should lead the rebels and gives her a something (letter is boring). Tells Vivian that she (Vivian), and specifically she, has to show this to commander Jacobs back at HQ.
  
  Conveniently, there's a boat which our heroes take back to HQ isle. Once there, Vivian hands the something to Jacobs who confirms with her that she was to bring it to him. To Vivian's surprise he then proclaims her as the new leader of the rebels (whodathunk!?) Now everything is ready for the 'open world'.

  
ACT TWO
You can now choose which stage to pick next. All nodes are displayed. Nodes that need to be completed and are accessible will be marked by a red flag. Nodes that need to be completed and contain catalysts will display a green flag (regardless of whether they're accesible or not).

When you beat a node's stage, roads leading from that node to other nodes will open up. Goal is to beat the red flag stages. It's possible to do this without beating all the green flag stages. An option will be added to both WM menus to move to the final stage (taking place on HQ isle?) once the six catalysts are broken.

Fortresses are now available.